README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <!-- <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch/"><img alt="Build Status" src="https://circleci.com/gh/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch.svg?style=shield&circle-token=:circle-token"></a> -->
  <a href="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch"><img alt="Dependency Status" src="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch.svg?style=flat"></a>
  <a href="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch?type=dev"><img alt="devDependency Status" src="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch/dev-status.svg?style=flat"></a>
  <a href="LICENSE"><img alt="license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://alexdevero.com"><img alt="Built by DEVERO" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20by-DEVERO-brightgreen.svg?colorB=d30320"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Releases" src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/alexdevero/gridd.svg"></a>
</p>

# Simple Reddit API fetch App

This is a minimal Electron-based application for fetching Reddit API and loading custom subreddits.

### Table of contents

* [Install](#install)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Support this project](#support-this-project)
* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [License](#license)

### Install

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer.

#### Clone this repository
```
git clone https://github.com/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch.git
```

#### Install dependencies

```
npm install
```
Or, if you prefer using Yarn:
```
$ yarn
```

### Usage

#### Run the app

```
npm start (or yarn start)
```

### Support this project

<!-- This project is released as an open-source. If you need help with using this project, please ask and I will do my best reply to as soon as possible. You can use this project as you wish *for free*. Also, you can change the source code and redistribute it if you want. -->

Development and maintenance of this project takes a lot of time. If you want to support this project and help its author, there are few ways you can do it:

 - Starring and sharing the project
 - [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Paypal-brightgreen.svg?colorB=259cd2)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=YKLGUUB34ASEL)—make one-time donations via PayPal.
 - [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Patreon-brightgreen.svg?colorB=f86213)](https://www.patreon.com/alexdevero)—set up monthly donation via Patreon and get interesting news about what I'm doing.
 - <img alt="Releases" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Bitcoin-brightgreen.svg?colorB=fab915">—send bitcoins or ethereum to this address: `19jHGagJWeVvuNjN3kaBoAszXd9ea9gKzp`.

Thank you!

### Code of Conduct

[Contributor Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

### License

MIT © [Alex Devero](https://alexdevero.com).

<!--
### Resources for Learning Electron

- [electron.atom.io/docs](http://electron.atom.io/docs) - all of Electron's documentation
- [electron.atom.io/community/#boilerplates](http://electron.atom.io/community/#boilerplates) - sample starter apps created by the community
- [electron/electron-quick-start](https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start) - a very basic starter Electron app
- [electron/simple-samples](https://github.com/electron/simple-samples) - small applications with ideas for taking them further
- [electron/electron-api-demos](https://github.com/electron/electron-api-demos) - an Electron app that teaches you how to use Electron
- [hokein/electron-sample-apps](https://github.com/hokein/electron-sample-apps) - small demo apps for the various Electron APIs
-->

Commit message:

Add info about internet connection, fix typo

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <!-- <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch/"><img alt="Build Status" src="https://circleci.com/gh/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch.svg?style=shield&circle-token=:circle-token"></a> -->
  <a href="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch"><img alt="Dependency Status" src="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch.svg?style=flat"></a>
  <a href="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch?type=dev"><img alt="devDependency Status" src="https://david-dm.org/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch/dev-status.svg?style=flat"></a>
  <a href="LICENSE"><img alt="license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://alexdevero.com"><img alt="Built by DEVERO" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20by-DEVERO-brightgreen.svg?colorB=d30320"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Releases" src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/alexdevero/gridd.svg"></a>
</p>

# Simple Reddit API fetch App

This is a minimal Electron-based application for fetching Reddit API and loading custom subreddits.

### Table of contents

* [Install](#install)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Support this project](#support-this-project)
* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [License](#license)

### Install

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer.

#### Clone this repository
```
git clone https://github.com/alexdevero/simple-reddit-api-fetch.git
```

#### Install dependencies

```
npm install
```
Or, if you prefer using Yarn:
```
yarn
```

### Usage

_Note: Make sure to allow the app to access to the Internet._

#### Run the app

```
npm start (or yarn start)
```

### Support this project

<!-- This project is released as an open-source. If you need help with using this project, please ask and I will do my best reply to as soon as possible. You can use this project as you wish *for free*. Also, you can change the source code and redistribute it if you want. -->

Development and maintenance of this project takes a lot of time. If you want to support this project and help its author, there are few ways you can do it:

 - Starring and sharing the project
 - [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Paypal-brightgreen.svg?colorB=259cd2)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=YKLGUUB34ASEL)—make one-time donations via PayPal.
 - [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Patreon-brightgreen.svg?colorB=f86213)](https://www.patreon.com/alexdevero)—set up monthly donation via Patreon and get interesting news about what I'm doing.
 - <img alt="Releases" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Bitcoin-brightgreen.svg?colorB=fab915">—send bitcoins or ethereum to this address: `19jHGagJWeVvuNjN3kaBoAszXd9ea9gKzp`.

Thank you!

### Code of Conduct

[Contributor Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

### License

MIT © [Alex Devero](https://alexdevero.com).

<!--
### Resources for Learning Electron

- [electron.atom.io/docs](http://electron.atom.io/docs) - all of Electron's documentation
- [electron.atom.io/community/#boilerplates](http://electron.atom.io/community/#boilerplates) - sample starter apps created by the community
- [electron/electron-quick-start](https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start) - a very basic starter Electron app
- [electron/simple-samples](https://github.com/electron/simple-samples) - small applications with ideas for taking them further
- [electron/electron-api-demos](https://github.com/electron/electron-api-demos) - an Electron app that teaches you how to use Electron
- [hokein/electron-sample-apps](https://github.com/hokein/electron-sample-apps) - small demo apps for the various Electron APIs
-->
